Kirk: SPACE:
THE FINAL FRONTIER.
THESE ARE THE VOYAGES
OF THE STARSHIP ENTERPRISE.
ITS FIVE-YEAR MISSION:
TO EXPLORE STRANGE NEW WORLDS,
TO SEEK OUT NEW LIFE
AND NEW CIVILIZATIONS,
TO BOLDLY GO
WHERE NO MAN HAS GONE BEFORE.
Kirk: CAPTAIN'S LOG,
STARDATE 3183.3.
OUR PRESENT MISSION,
A ROUTINE GEOLOGICAL SURVEY
OF TYPE-4 ASTEROIDS,
IS NEARING COMPLETION.
THE CRUISE HAS BEEN UNEVENTFUL,
AND WE ARE NOW APPROACHING
THE FINAL ASTEROID
IN OUR ASSIGNED SECTOR,
A FULL 72 HOURS
AHEAD OF SCHEDULE.
[RUMBLING]
SCOTTY,
GIVE US MAXIMUM SHIELDING.
Scotty: AYE, CAPTAIN!
MR. SULU, BRING US ABOUT TO
A NEW HEADING OF 9-0-2 MARK 6.
AYE, AYE, SIR.
MR. SPOCK!
WHO THE DEVIL'S ATTACKING US?
ROMULANS, CAPTAIN.
THEY WERE APPARENTLY LYING
IN WAIT ON THE FAR SIDE
OF THAT ASTEROID.
A COLD-BLOODED AMBUSH!
LET'S GIVE THE HEATHENS A FIGHT
THEY WON'T SOON FORGET!
NEGATIVE. WE'VE SUFFERED
DAMAGE AND WE'RE OUTNUMBERED
THREE TO ONE.
I THINK THIS IS AN INSTANCE
WHERE DISCRETION IS THE BETTER
PART OF VALOR.
CAPTAIN,
I'VE ESTABLISHED CONTACT WITH
THE ROMULAN COMMANDER.
[BEEPING]
I DEMAND AN EXPLANATION
FOR THIS UNPROVOKED ATTACK!
UNPROVOKED? MY DEAR CAPTAIN,
YOUR SHIP TRESPASSED
INTO ROMULAN TERRITORY,
IN DEFIANCE OF
YOUR OWN TREATY.
WE HAD NO CHOICE
BUT TO DEFEND OURSELVES.
WE CAME NOWHERE NEAR
ROMULAN TERRITORY.
I DENY ALL CHARGES
AND PLAN TO FILE
A DETAILED COMPLAINT
WITH THE FEDERATION.
YOU SEEM TO FORGET THAT
INVASION OF ROMULAN TERRITORY
IS PUNISHABLE BY DEATH.
[CRASHING]
CAPTAIN, THE ROMULAN SHIPS
ARE OVERTAKING US.
AT CLOSE RANGE
OUR DEFLECTORS WILL BE UNABLE
TO REPEL THEIR ATTACK.
Sulu: CAPTAIN KIRK!
AN UNIDENTIFIED ENERGY FIELD
IS DRIFTING INTO OUR PATH.
STRANGE.
IT'S NOT ON THE CHARTS.
BUT IT MAY BE
JUST WHAT WE NEED
TO SHAKE THE ROMULANS.
BATTEN DOWN.
WE'RE GOING THROUGH.
[EXPLOSIVE BUZZING]
MR. SPOCK,
WHAT ARE OUR CHANCES?
THE FIELD IS COMPOSED OF HIGHLY
CHARGED SUBATOMIC PARTICLES.
IF THE DENSITY GROWS
NO WORSE, WE SHOULD BE ABLE
TO RIDE IT OUT.
HOLD TOGETHER,
LITTLE DARLING,
HOLD TOGETHER.
IT WORKED--
THE ROMULANS TURNED BACK
RATHER THAN RISK
THE ENERGY FIELD.
REDUCE SPEED TO
SUB-WARP CRUISE.
WE'LL LAY BY HERE
FOR REPAIRS.
AFTER THAT RIDE
I COULD USE SOME REPAIRS.
HOW ARE THE REPAIRS
PROGRESSING, SCOTTY?
JUST FINE, CAPTAIN.
WE SHOULD BE IN TIPTOP SHAPE
IN ANOTHER 24 HOURS,
NO THANKS TO THOSE
ROMULAN VULTURES.
NEVERTHELESS, WE'RE
STILL IN BUSINESS
AND I PROPOSE A TOAST
TO OUR NARROW ESCAPE.
-Uhura: CHEERS!
-SALUD!
Uhura and Kirk: TO US!
[LAUGHING]
HEY, THIS GLASS JUST
LEAKED ALL OVER ME.
HOW DO YOU LIKE THAT?
SO DID MINE.
-AND MINE!
-IT APPEARS WE'RE ALL VICTIMS
OF A RATHER
BIZARRE COINCIDENCE.
THE ODDS AGAINST
SOMETHING LIKE THIS HAPPENING
ARE ASTRONOMICAL.
WHAT COINCIDENCE?
WE USED TO PULL
STUNTS LIKE THIS
IN MEDICAL SCHOOL
WITH TRICK GLASSES.
DON'T LOOK NOW,
BUT WE'VE GOT A PRACTICAL
JOKER IN OUR MIDST.
NOW, LET'S NOT JUMP
TO CONCLUSIONS, BONES.
YES, WE ALL GOT WET,
SO WHAT'S THE JOKE?
'TWAS PROBABLY A MINOR SLIP-UP
OF THE FOOD SYNTHESIZERS.
I'LL CHECK IT OUT
AFTER LUNCH.
FINE. RIGHT NOW
WHY DON'T WE ALL EAT UP
BEFORE OUR FOOD GETS COLD.
[CREAKING]
[CHUCKLING]
[ALL LAUGHING]
ANOTHER COINCIDENCE, JIM?
I'M BEGINNING TO WONDER,
BONES,
I'M BEGINNING TO WONDER.
Kirk: CAPTAIN'S LOG,
SUPPLEMENTAL.
UNUSUAL INCIDENTS
HAVE CONTINUED
TO PLAGUE OUR CREW.
EVEN THE PERCEPTIVE MR. SPOCK
HAS FALLEN VICTIM
TO THESE
SIMPLE-MINDED PRANKS.
CURIOUS. VERY CURIOUS.
WHAT HAVE YOU
GOT THERE, SPOCK?
CAPTAIN, I FOUND THIS DEVICE
ON MY CONSOLE.
IT SEEMS TO SERVE
NO USEFUL FUNCTION AND...
[ALL LAUGHING]
CAPTAIN?
[LAUGHING] I'M SORRY, SPOCK.
IT'S YOUR...
Kirk: AS THESE LITTLE
SURPRISES HAVE GROWN
MORE AND MORE FREQUENT,
OUR CREW MEMBERS HAVE FOUND THEM
LESS AND LESS AMUSING.
OFFICER SCOTT,
WON'T YOU JOIN US
FOR LUNCH?
NO, THANKS, AREX.
I'M JUST GOING TO GRAB
A SANDWICH
AND GET ME BACK TO WORK.
VERY GOOD.
ONE GRILLED CHEESE ON RYE.
[RATTLING]
WHAT THE BLAZES?
HOLD IT JUST
A DOGGONE MINUTE!
I SAID ONE SANDWICH,
THAT'S ALL!
SOMEBODY TURN OFF
THIS INFERNAL FOOD FACTORY!
[LAUGHING]
EXCUSE ME FOR LAUGHING, BUT...
GO AHEAD AND LAUGH.
BIG JOKE!
I'LL BET YOU TWO
ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS, HEY?
HEY, WAIT A MINUTE.
WE DIDN'T CAUSE
THIS TO HAPPEN.
TELL THAT TO THE CAPTAIN.
I'M REPORTING BOTH OF YOU
JUST AS SOON AS I...
[SPLATTING]
Kirk: THE SITUATION
HAS REACHED THE POINT
WHERE FRIENDS
ARE ACCUSING FRIENDS.
THE ENTIRE CREW IS ON EDGE,
MYSELF INCLUDED.
OKAY, THIS WHOLE THING
HAS GONE FAR ENOUGH!
SIR?
I'VE JUST PICKED UP MY CLEAN
UNIFORMS FROM THE SERVICE CHUTE
AND WHEN I PUT THIS ONE ON,
I DISCOVERED THIS.
[HYSTERICAL LAUGHTER]
WHEN YOU ALL FINISH LAUGHING,
I'D APPRECIATE AN EXPLANATION.
CAPTAIN, I NEVER LAUGH.
WELL, SOMEBODY CERTAINLY DID.
CAPTAIN KIRK,
LOOK BEHIND YOU.
REALLY, M'RESS, YOU'RE GOING
TO HAVE TO BE A LITTLE MORE
CLEVER THAN THAT.
THIS IS NO JOKE, SIR.
NOW WHAT?
IT APPEARS TO BE
A LEGITIMATE FOG.
PERHAPS THE HUMIDIFICATION
SYSTEM IS... HMM.
HERE, SPOCK. WHOOPS!
AMAZING. THIS DECK
IS COVERED WITH ICE!
Kirk: AND IT WAS ALMOST
COVERED WITH US.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE,
BUT IT'S GOING TO STOP
BEFORE SOMEONE'S HURT.
[JUBILANT LAUGHTER]
THERE'S THAT LAUGH AGAIN.
SOMETHING AWFULLY
FAMILIAR ABOUT IT.
WHAT DO YOU MAKE
OF ALL THIS, SPOCK?
THE EVIDENCE ALL POINTS
TO ONE GUILTY PARTY, CAPTAIN.
YOU MEAN YOU KNOW
WHO'S BEHIND THESE STUNTS?
NOT WHO, WHAT.
I BELIEVE OUR PRACTICAL JOKER
IS THE ENTERPRISE ITSELF.
OF COURSE!
THAT LAUGH, IT'S THE VOICE
OF OUR MAIN COMPUTER!
PRECISELY.
SPOCK, I WANT ALL HANDS
AT THEIR STATIONS.
WE'RE GOING TO RUN
A COMPLETE SYSTEMS CHECK
FROM BOW TO STERN
AND GET TO THE BOTTOM OF THIS.
Uhura: GOOD. THE REC ROOM
IS UNOCCUPIED.
AT LEAST WE CAN ENJOY
OUR OFF-HOUR
WITHOUT WORRYING
ABOUT PRACTICAL JOKES.
JUST WHAT
THE DOCTOR ORDERED.
Spock over PA:
ALL HANDS TO YOUR STATIONS.
THIS IS A GENERAL ALERT.
REPEAT, ALL HANDS TO YOUR...
Sulu: WELL, WHAT'LL IT BE,
A SWIM AT THE BEACH?
[BEEPING]
[BIRDS CAWING]
IT IS LOVELY,
BUT I'M MORE IN THE MOOD
FOR A NICE, QUIET WALK
IN THE WOODS.
DOCTOR, THAT SOUNDS PERFECT.
THEN WOODS IT IS.
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
McCoy: AH.
NOW THAT'S MORE LIKE IT.
SHALL WE?
CAPTAIN, CREWMEMBERS McCOY,
SULU AND UHURA
ARE STILL IN
THE RECREATION ROOM
AND DO NOT ANSWER
THE CALL TO STATIONS.
THAT'S STRANGE.
REPEAT THE CALL.
DR. McCOY, LIEUTENANT UHURA
AND HELMSMAN SULU,
REPORT TO THE BRIDGE
IMMEDIATELY.
DR. McCOY,
LIEUTENANT UHURA AND...
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
IT'S SO PEACEFUL.
SO RELAXING.
AND BEST OF ALL,
NO PRACTICAL JOKES.
[CHUCKLING]
-WHAT WAS THAT?
-Sulu: I'M NOT SURE.
IT ALMOST SOUNDED
LIKE SOMEONE CHUCKLING.
IT WAS PROBABLY
JUST ONE OF THE AUDIO
TAPES REWINDING.
COME ON, THERE'S LOTS MORE
TO SEE.
[COMPUTER CHUCKLES]
McCoy: LIEUTENANT UHURA,
I HAVE TO HAND IT TO YOU.
THIS IS JUST WHAT THE DOCTOR
WOULD HAVE ORDERED.
[UHURA SCREAMS]
[COMPUTER LAUGHING HEARTILY]
THERE IT IS AGAIN!
SOMEONE IS DEFINITELY
LAUGHING AT US!
I'M GOING TO GET
TO THE BOTTOM OF THIS
RIGHT NOW.
Computer:
"GET TO THE BOTTOM OF THIS."
[LAUGHING]
OKAY, WHOEVER YOU ARE,
SO WE FELL FOR
YOUR JUVENILE JOKE.
NOW GET US OUT!
"FELL" FOR MY JOKE!
[LAUGHING]
SPOCK,
QUIZ THE CENTRAL COMPUTER
ABOUT McCOY AND THE OTHERS.
YES, CAPTAIN.
QUESTION, WHY ARE WE
UNABLE TO COMMUNICATE
WITH CREWMEMBERS McCOY,
SULU AND UHURA?
ANSWER. THAT IS FOR ME TO KNOW
AND FOR YOU TO FIND OUT.
-DID I HEAR THAT RIGHT?
-AFFIRMATIVE.
THE DYSFUNCTION IS MORE SEVERE
THAN I THOUGHT.
QUESTION, ARE YOU
DELIBERATELY HOLDING
OUR MISSING CREWMEMBERS
PRISONER?
I'LL NEVER TELL.
LET ME TRY.
THIS IS CAPTAIN
JAMES T. KIRK SPEAKING.
YOU ARE PROGRAMMED TO OBEY
ANY DIRECT ORDER
I MAY GIVE, CORRECT?
-CORRECT.
-VERY WELL.
I ORDER YOU TO RELEASE
CREWMEMBERS McCOY,
SULU AND UHURA IMMEDIATELY.
SAY "PLEASE."
WELL, I'LL BE...
I SUGGEST COMPLIANCE,
CAPTAIN.
PLEASE!
SAY "PRETTY PLEASE
WITH SUGAR ON."
-SCOTTY!
-AYE, CAPTAIN?
WE'VE GOT SERIOUS TROUBLE
WITH THE MAIN COMPUTER.
WE HAVE REASON TO BELIEVE
IT'S KIDNAPPED
THREE OF OUR CREW.
KIDNAPPED? BLUE BLAZES!
TO PREVENT ANY FURTHER TROUBLE,
I WANT YOU TO SHUT DOWN
ALL LOGIC FUNCTIONS
UNTIL WE CAN GET A HANDLE
ON THE PROBLEM.
AYE, AYE, SIR.
THERE!
WHEN I GET MY HANDS
ON THE CLOWN
WHO'S BEHIND ALL THIS,
I'LL PUT HIM IN SICKBAY
FOR A WEEK!
TEMPER, TEMPER!
PERHAPS THIS
WILL COOL YOU OFF.
[LAUGHING]
WE'VE GOT A WHITEOUT
CONDITION HERE!
HOW WILL WE EVER
FIND THE EXIT?
[LAUGHING GLEEFULLY]
TIME FOR A NAP, OLD GIRL.
CAPTAIN'S ORDERS.
[RATTLING]
ENGINEERING TO BRIDGE!
EMERGENCY!
SCOTTY, WHAT THE DEVIL
IS GOING ON?
BEATS ME, SIR!
OUR GRAVITY JUST REVERSED
POLARITY ALL BY ITSELF.
AN OBVIOUS DEFENSIVE MANEUVER
BY THE COMPUTER.
THIS IS CRAZY.
OUR OWN COMPUTER'S
DECLARED WAR ON US,
AND I HAVEN'T
THE SLIGHTEST IDEA WHY.
I HAVE A THEORY, CAPTAIN,
BUT FIRST I SUGGEST
THAT IF OFFICER SCOTT
MOVES AWAY FROM THE COMPUTER,
IT MIGHT FEEL
LESS THREATENED.
SCOTTY,
VACATE THE COMPUTER ROOM.
VACATE, SIR? BUT...
ON THE DOUBLE,
OFFICER SCOTT.
Scotty: AYE, SIR.
[GRUNTING]
YOU BLOODY BIG SCATTERBRAIN!
MAKE UP YOUR MONUMENTAL MIND!
CONGRATULATIONS, SPOCK.
YOUR STRATEGY WORKED.
NOW WOULD YOU TELL ME
WHAT'S HAPPENING TO MY SHIP?
YOU RECALL THAT ENERGY FIELD
WE PASSED THROUGH?
CERTAINLY.
APPARENTLY, SUBATOMIC PARTICLES
FROM THAT FIELD
HAVE INVADED
OUR COMPUTER'S CIRCUITS,
MUCH LIKE BACTERIA
INFECT LIVING MATTER.
AS A RESULT, THE ENTERPRISE
IS SUFFERING
THE ELECTRONIC EQUIVALENT
OF A NERVOUS BREAKDOWN.
WHAT CAN WE DO TO STOP IT?
I'M AFRAID I DON'T KNOW,
CAPTAIN.
ITS ILLOGICAL BEHAVIOR
PRECLUDES A LOGICAL SOLUTION.
[WIND HOWLING]
THE TEMPERATURE MUST BE 20 BELOW
AND IT'S STILL DROPPING.
[SHUDDERS]
LOOK, THIS IS STILL A ROOM,
NO MATTER HOW IT APPEARS.
IF WE CAN TRAVEL LONG ENOUGH
IN ONE DIRECTION,
WE'RE BOUND TO REACH A WALL.
THEN WE CAN FEEL
OUR WAY TO AN EXIT.
THEN LET'S MOVE
BEFORE WE ALL TURN
INTO ICICLES!
[UHURA SHUDDERING]
Crewman: SEARCH PARTY 7
TO BRIDGE.
BRIDGE HERE. REPORT.
Crewman:
CAPTAIN, OUR SENSORS SHOW
THE MISSING CREWMEMBERS
ARE IN THE REC ROOM, ALL RIGHT,
BUT THE DOOR'S JAMMED.
-OKAY, STAND BY.
-Scotty: ENGINEERING.
SCOTTY, WE NEED A WORK CREW
WITH POWER TOOLS
TO OPEN A FROZEN DOOR.
HAVE THEM REPORT TO...
[SNICKERING] REPORT TO...
Scotty: CAPTAIN, WHAT IS IT?
ARE YOU ALL...
[LAUGHING]
ARE YOU...
[GUFFAWING]
[LAUGHING]
[LAUGHING] COME ON,
SPOCK, WHERE'S...
WHERE'S THAT VULCAN
SENSE OF HUMOR?
[ALL LAUGHING]
[PURRS]
HMM. JUST AS I THOUGHT.
SPOCK, WHAT...
WHAT ARE YOU MUMBLING ABOUT?
OUR AIR IS BEING PUMPED
FULL OF NITROUS OXIDE.
BETTER KNOWN AS
"LAUGHING GAS."
BUT IT'S NO LAUGHING MATTER,
ESPECIALLY FOR VULCANS.
[ALL LAUGHING]
Uhura: [LAUGHING]
THIS BLIZZARD KEEPS
GETTING WORSE!
Sulu: [LAUGHING]
I KNOW! IF WE DON'T...
IF WE DON'T KEEP MOVING
WE'RE GOING TO FREEZE!
[ALL LAUGHING HYSTERICALLY]
Kirk: CAPTAIN'S LOG,
SUPPLEMENTAL.
SOMEHOW SPOCK MANAGED
TO SWITCH ON OUR EMERGENCY AIR
BEFORE COLLAPSING
FROM THE EFFECTS OF THE GAS.
THE FRESH AIR
QUICKLY REVIVED US,
ALTHOUGH IT'LL BE EXHAUSTED
IN ANOTHER SIX HOURS.
WE MUST CURE
OUR COMPUTER BY THEN
OR THERE'S NO TELLING
WHAT WE'LL BE FORCED
TO BREATHE NEXT.
SCOTTY,
HOW'S THE DOOR COMING?
Scotty: CAPTAIN,
NONE OF OUR POWER TOOLS WORK.
SOME KIND OF ENERGY DRAIN
SET UP BY THE SHIP.
WE'RE GIVING IT A MIGHTY GO
WITH THE CROWBARS, THOUGH.
Kirk: KEEP AT IT. WE'VE GOT
THREE PEOPLE IN THERE WHOSE
LIVES MAY DEPEND ON IT.
YOU TWO BETTER GO ON
WITHOUT ME.
MY OLD LEGS
HAVE GIVEN OUT.
BUT, DOCTOR, WE CAN'T.
WELL,
WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
COME ON, DOCTOR,
WE'RE FINALLY
GETTING OUT OF HERE!
I HATE TO BE A PESSIMIST,
BUT, UH, THAT MAY NOT BE
AS EASY AS YOU THINK.
AH, THEN AGAIN...
YOU DON'T KNOW
HOW GOOD IT IS TO HAVE YOU
BACK ON THE BRIDGE,
ALIVE AND WELL.
WE'RE AS HAPPY ABOUT IT
AS YOU ARE, JIM.
I'D JUST LIKE
TO MAKE ONE REQUEST.
-SURE, BONES. WHAT?
-COULD YOU TURN UP THE HEAT?
[CHUCKLING]
I'LL SEE WHAT I CAN...
CAPTAIN, WE'RE UNDERWAY.
ENGINE ROOM REPORTS
ALL ENGINES SHUT DOWN,
YET THEY'RE FIRING.
CAPTAIN,
THE HELM NO LONGER RESPONDS.
WE'RE COMING ABOUT
TO A NEW HEADING.
AS SOON AS OUR COURSE
STABILIZES, GIVE ME A READING.
COURSE STABILIZING
AT 1-1-4 MARK 12.
WE'RE HEADING BACK
TO THE NEUTRAL ZONE.
AND YOU CAN BET
THOSE ROMULAN SHIPS
WILL BE GUNNING FOR US.
[COMPUTER LAUGHING]
SENSORS ARE PICKING UP
THREE SHIPS, CAPTAIN.
MAGNIFICATION SHOWS THEM
TO BE ROMULAN WARSHIPS.
WE'RE DECELERATING, SIR.
MAIN CARGO HATCHES
ARE OPENING.
I'LL PUT THEM ON
THE VIEWING SCREEN.
[BEEPING]
JIM, WHAT IN HEAVEN'S NAME
IS GOING ON?
YOU KNOW AS MUCH
AS I DO, BONES.
THE ROMULAN SHIPS
HAVE HALTED THEIR ATTACK.
APPARENTLY
THE SIGHT OF A SPACECRAFT
20 TIMES THEIR SIZE
HAS GIVEN THEM
SECOND THOUGHTS.
OKAY, I ADMIT
IT'S AN EFFECTIVE BLUFF,
BUT SO WHAT?
AS SOON AS THEY
FIGURE IT OUT,
THEY'LL DESTROY
THE BALLOON AND US.
WAIT A MINUTE.
THERE IS A METHOD
TO THIS MADNESS.
PLEASE ELABORATE, CAPTAIN.
Kirk: THE ENTERPRISE
IS PULLING HER BIGGEST
PRACTICAL JOKE OF ALL,
AND THIS TIME, THE JOKE'S
ON THE ROMULANS,
THE SAME ROMULAN SHIPS
THAT DAMAGED THE ENTERPRISE.
ARE YOU SUGGESTING
THAT THE ENTERPRISE
IS SEEKING REVENGE?
WHAT ELSE?
SHE'S GOING TO MAKE
FOOLS OF THE ROMULANS
BY HAVING THEM
ATTACK A BALLOON,
AND ROMULANS FEAR DISGRACE
MORE THAN DEATH.
Romulan: COMMANDER,
THERE'S NO RADIO RESPONSE
FROM THE LARGE SHIP.
VERY WELL.
IT HAS REFUSED SURRENDER.
ADVANCE AT ATTACK SPEED.
[COMPUTER LAUGHING]
WE'VE BEEN TRICKED.
AFTER THEM!
I WANT THAT FEDERATION SHIP
BLASTED INTO SPACE DUST!
[COMPUTER GUFFAWING]
THE ROMULANS
ARE GIVING CHASE.
THEY MUST BE FURIOUS
TO FOLLOW US
THIS DEEP INTO
FEDERATION TERRITORY.
I DON'T CARE ABOUT
THE ROMULANS.
I--I--I JUST WANT
TO AVOID THAT ENERGY FIELD
WE PASSED THROUGH BEFORE.
HELMSMAN, DO YOU HAVE
A FIX ON IT?
YES, CAPTAIN.
OUR COURSE WILL TAKE US
NOWHERE NEAR IT.
GOOD!
I COULDN'T FACE GOING
THROUGH THERE AGAIN.
THE ENERGY FIELD
FRIGHTENS YOU?
IT PETRIFIES ME.
HOW INTERESTING.
WE'RE CHANGING COURSE,
TO A DIRECT BEARING
ON THE ENERGY FIELD!
NO! WE CAN'T!
COMMANDER, OUR--OUR INSTRUMENTS
ARE USELESS IN THIS FIELD.
WE'VE LOST CONTACT
WITH THE FEDERATION SHIP.
WE'VE GOT TO CLEAR THIS FIELD
BEFORE OUR SHIPS BREAK UP.
BRING US ABOUT
ON A HEADING FOR HOME.
[COMPUTER LAUGHING]
MY CIRCUITS!
YOU TRICKED ME, KIRK!
HOW COULD YOU!
WHAT THE DEVIL IS GOING ON?
BONES, THE WORST THING
YOU CAN DO TO A PRACTICAL JOKER
IS TO PLAY
A PRACTICAL JOKE ON THEM.
[FADING] IT'S NOT FAIR.
Sulu: THE CONTROLS
ARE RESPONDING NOW.
AND I'M GETTING NORMAL FUNCTION
IN ALL COMPUTER MODES.
THAT LAST PASS
THROUGH THE ENERGY FIELD
APPARENTLY REVERSED
ALL EFFECTS.
WELL DONE, JIM.
CAPTAIN, I'M PICKING UP
STRANGE TRANSMISSIONS
FROM THE ROMULAN WARSHIPS.
LISTEN.
Romulan commander: TURN OFF
THOSE FOOD SYNTHESIZERS!
WE'RE KNEE-DEEP IN DESSERTS,
AND THEY'RE STILL POURING OUT!
[CHUCKLES] SHALL WE TELL THEM
HOW THEY CAN REVERSE
THE EFFECTS
OF THE FIELD, JIM?
YES, BUT LATER.
LET'S NOT SPOIL
THEIR FUN JUST YET.
[ALL LAUGHING]